Story Decodability: 99.43%

The little bird chirped happily as it flew through the sky.. The fox yawned lazily in the warm sun.. The curious kitten pounced on the colorful yarn.. The silly bunny hopped around the garden.. The tiny turtle danced joyfully beneath the rainbow.. The cheerful puppy wagged its tail enthusiastically.. The kind squirrel shared nuts with everyone.. The helpful bear taught the cubs to fish.. The bear showed the cubs how to fish.. The excited chipmunk found acorns to bury.. The squirrel found a tiny acorn.. The bunny found a carrot in the garden.. The mama bear hugged her cubs tightly.. The mama squirrel found a shiny acorn.. The mama squirrel hid her shiny acorn.. The mama bear cuddled her cubs warmly.. The mama squirrel then led her cubs.. The mama bear napped peacefully with her cubs.. The mama bear then cuddled her cubs.. The mama squirrel then guided her cubs.. The mama squirrel lovingly watched her cubs.. The mama squirrel napped peacefully with her cubs.. The mama bear hugged her cubs warmly.. The mama bear then led her cubs.. The mama bear then hugged her cubs tightly.. The mama squirrel lovingly watched her cubs.. The mama squirrel then fed her cubs.. The mama squirrel finally hugged her cubs.. The mama bear carefully watched her cubs.. The mama bear listened intently to her cubs.. The mama squirrel cuddled her tiny cubs.. The mama bear carefully watched her cubs.. The mama bear listened to her cubs.. The kind mama bear hugged her cubs.. The mama squirrel guided her cubs lovingly.. The mama bear cuddled her warm cubs.. The mama bear cuddled her cubs lovingly.. The tired mama bear cuddled her cubs.. The mama bear napped warmly with cubs.. The mama bear listened quietly to her cubs.. The mama squirrel giggled as cubs tumbled.. The mama bear watched her cubs carefully.. The mama bear watched her cubs cuddle.. The mama squirrel then cuddled her cubs.. The mama squirrel joyfully danced with her cubs.. The mama squirrel joyfully led her cubs.. The mama squirrel lovingly cared for her cubs.. The mama squirrel baked acorns for her cubs.. The mama squirrel baked acorns for her cubs.. The mama squirrel baked acorns for her cubs carefully.. The mama squirrel then napped with her cubs.. The bear taught the cubs how to fish.. The mama bear quietly watched her cubs.. The mama bear hugged her cubs lovingly.. The happy chipmunk found a juicy acorn.. The mama bear watched her cubs lovingly.. The mama bear softly sang a lullaby to her cubs.. The squirrel baked acorns for her cubs.. The mama bear softly hummed to her cubs.. The mama squirrel baked acorn muffins for her cubs.. The mama bear softly hummed a lullaby.. The mama bear softly hummed a lullaby.. The mama bear softly sang a lullaby to her cubs.. The mama bear softly hummed a lullaby.. The mama squirrel lovingly cared for her cubs.. The mama bear watched her cubs lovingly.. The baby squirrel giggled as mama napped.. The baby squirrel giggled as mama napped.. The mama bear lovingly cuddled her cubs.. The mama bear baked acorn muffins.. The mama squirrel baked acorn muffins..